dist/build-stats.json:1: leftover conflict marker
dist/build-stats.json:3: leftover conflict marker
dist/build-stats.json:5: leftover conflict marker
dist/index.html:1: leftover conflict marker
dist/index.html:3: leftover conflict marker
dist/index.html:5: leftover conflict marker
dist/statoscope-report.html:101: leftover conflict marker
dist/statoscope-report.html:103: leftover conflict marker
dist/statoscope-report.html:105: leftover conflict marker
dist/version.txt:1: leftover conflict marker
dist/version.txt:3: leftover conflict marker
dist/version.txt:5: leftover conflict marker
package-lock.json:2: leftover conflict marker
package-lock.json:5: leftover conflict marker
package-lock.json:8: leftover conflict marker
package-lock.json:13: leftover conflict marker
package-lock.json:16: leftover conflict marker
package-lock.json:20: leftover conflict marker
package.json:2: leftover conflict marker
package.json:5: leftover conflict marker
package.json:8: leftover conflict marker
public/build-stats.json:1: leftover conflict marker
public/build-stats.json:3: leftover conflict marker
public/build-stats.json:5: leftover conflict marker
public/statoscope-report.html:101: leftover conflict marker
public/statoscope-report.html:103: leftover conflict marker
public/statoscope-report.html:105: leftover conflict marker
public/version.txt:1: leftover conflict marker
public/version.txt:3: leftover conflict marker
public/version.txt:5: leftover conflict marker
src/api/gramjs/index.ts:3: leftover conflict marker
src/api/gramjs/index.ts:5: leftover conflict marker
src/api/gramjs/index.ts:11: leftover conflict marker
src/api/gramjs/worker/provider.ts:12: leftover conflict marker
src/api/gramjs/worker/provider.ts:14: leftover conflict marker
src/api/gramjs/worker/provider.ts:16: leftover conflict marker
src/api/gramjs/worker/provider.ts:153: leftover conflict marker
src/api/gramjs/worker/provider.ts:156: leftover conflict marker
src/api/gramjs/worker/provider.ts:200: leftover conflict marker
src/api/types/updates.ts:188: leftover conflict marker
src/api/types/updates.ts:191: leftover conflict marker
src/api/types/updates.ts:193: leftover conflict marker
src/components/auth/Auth.tsx:9: leftover conflict marker
src/components/auth/Auth.tsx:11: leftover conflict marker
src/components/auth/Auth.tsx:13: leftover conflict marker
src/components/auth/Auth.tsx:32: leftover conflict marker
src/components/auth/Auth.tsx:34: leftover conflict marker
src/components/auth/Auth.tsx:36: leftover conflict marker
src/components/auth/Auth.tsx:41: leftover conflict marker
src/components/auth/Auth.tsx:50: leftover conflict marker
src/components/auth/Auth.tsx:64: leftover conflict marker
src/components/auth/AuthQrCode.tsx:130: leftover conflict marker
src/components/auth/AuthQrCode.tsx:131: leftover conflict marker
src/components/auth/AuthQrCode.tsx:138: leftover conflict marker
src/components/auth/AuthQrCode.tsx:169: leftover conflict marker
src/components/auth/AuthQrCode.tsx:170: leftover conflict marker
src/components/auth/AuthQrCode.tsx:174: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/composer/AttachMenu.tsx:10: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/composer/AttachMenu.tsx:13: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/composer/AttachMenu.tsx:19: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/composer/AttachMenu.tsx:41: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/composer/AttachMenu.tsx:46: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/composer/AttachMenu.tsx:51: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/composer/AttachMenu.tsx:67: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/composer/AttachMenu.tsx:72: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/composer/AttachMenu.tsx:77: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/message/Poll.tsx:44: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/message/Poll.tsx:48: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/message/Poll.tsx:49: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/message/Poll.tsx:62: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/message/Poll.tsx:66: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/message/Poll.tsx:67: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/message/Poll.tsx:403: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/message/Poll.tsx:407: leftover conflict marker
src/components/middle/message/Poll.tsx:408: leftover conflict marker
src/config.ts:22: leftover conflict marker
src/config.ts:25: leftover conflict marker
src/config.ts:28: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/chats.ts:2011: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/chats.ts:2195: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/chats.ts:2200: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:1: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:6: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:13: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:192: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:237: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:241: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:285: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:291: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:296: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:339: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:341: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:343: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:350: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:359: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:365: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:397: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:399: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:401: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:545: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:548: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:567: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:1041: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:1080: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:1083: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:1090: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:1092: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:1094: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:1246: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:1265: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/messages.ts:1282: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/sync.ts:9: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/sync.ts:12: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/sync.ts:14: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/sync.ts:155: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/sync.ts:181: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/sync.ts:183: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/sync.ts:217: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/sync.ts:222: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/api/sync.ts:224: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/messages.ts:50: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/messages.ts:59: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/messages.ts:63: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/messages.ts:73: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/messages.ts:82: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/messages.ts:87: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/messages.ts:704: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/messages.ts:708: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/messages.ts:713: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/messages.ts:719: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/messages.ts:808: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/messages.ts:810: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/messages.ts:823: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/messages.ts:1122: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/messages.ts:1124: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/misc.ts:520: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/misc.ts:524: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/misc.ts:583: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/misc.ts:590: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/misc.ts:595: leftover conflict marker
src/global/actions/ui/misc.ts:600: leftover conflict marker
src/global/cache.ts:515: leftover conflict marker
src/global/cache.ts:521: leftover conflict marker
src/global/cache.ts:524: leftover conflict marker
src/global/helpers/chats.ts:15: leftover conflict marker
src/global/helpers/chats.ts:18: leftover conflict marker
src/global/helpers/chats.ts:22: leftover conflict marker
src/global/helpers/chats.ts:225: leftover conflict marker
src/global/helpers/chats.ts:230: leftover conflict marker
src/global/helpers/chats.ts:238: leftover conflict marker
src/global/helpers/chats.ts:249: leftover conflict marker
src/global/helpers/chats.ts:261: leftover conflict marker
src/global/helpers/chats.ts:269: leftover conflict marker
src/global/helpers/chats.ts:284: leftover conflict marker
src/global/helpers/chats.ts:296: leftover conflict marker
src/global/helpers/chats.ts:304: leftover conflict marker
src/global/initialState.ts:1: leftover conflict marker
src/global/initialState.ts:3: leftover conflict marker
src/global/initialState.ts:5: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:2: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:5: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:7: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:33: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:35: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:38: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:43: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:50: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:54: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:92: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:99: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:101: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:152: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:158: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:163: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:217: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:294: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:298: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:458: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:509: leftover conflict marker
src/global/reducers/messages.ts:512: leftover conflict marker
src/global/selectors/chats.ts:28: leftover conflict marker
src/global/selectors/chats.ts:39: leftover conflict marker
src/global/selectors/chats.ts:41: leftover conflict marker
src/global/selectors/messages.ts:2: leftover conflict marker
src/global/selectors/messages.ts:5: leftover conflict marker
src/global/selectors/messages.ts:7: leftover conflict marker
src/global/selectors/messages.ts:20: leftover conflict marker
src/global/selectors/messages.ts:25: leftover conflict marker
src/global/selectors/messages.ts:31: leftover conflict marker
src/global/selectors/messages.ts:97: leftover conflict marker
src/global/selectors/messages.ts:231: leftover conflict marker
src/global/selectors/messages.ts:233: leftover conflict marker
src/global/types.ts:91: leftover conflict marker
src/global/types.ts:146: leftover conflict marker
src/global/types.ts:148: leftover conflict marker
src/global/types.ts:833: leftover conflict marker
src/global/types.ts:911: leftover conflict marker
src/global/types.ts:912: leftover conflict marker
src/global/types.ts:952: leftover conflict marker
src/global/types.ts:1072: leftover conflict marker
src/global/types.ts:1073: leftover conflict marker
src/global/types.ts:2394: leftover conflict marker
src/global/types.ts:2423: leftover conflict marker
src/global/types.ts:2427: leftover conflict marker
src/global/types.ts:2672: leftover conflict marker
src/global/types.ts:2768: leftover conflict marker
src/global/types.ts:2771: leftover conflict marker
src/versionNotification.txt:1: leftover conflict marker
src/versionNotification.txt:13: leftover conflict marker
src/versionNotification.txt:57: leftover conflict marker
webpack.config.js:152: leftover conflict marker
webpack.config.js:154: leftover conflict marker
webpack.config.js:156: leftover conflict marker
